readme.adoc, before:

== How to run

The sample requires a RabbitMQ broker to be running.

You can for example easily start RabbitMQ via Docker

    docker run -it -p 5672:5672 --hostname my-rabbit --name some-rabbit rabbitmq:3

Then you can run this example using

    mvn spring-boot:run

Which gives you the following output on the Console:

```
  .   ____          _            __ _ _
 /\\ / ___'_ __ _ _(_)_ __  __ _ \ \ \ \
( ( )\___ | '_ | '_| | '_ \/ _` | \ \ \ \
 \\/  ___)| |_)| | | | | || (_| |  ) ) ) )
  '  |____| .__|_| |_|_| |_\__, | / / / /
 =========|_|==============|___/=/_/_/_/
 :: Spring Boot ::        (v2.1.0.RELEASE)

2018-11-11 14:04:12.042  INFO 4225 --- [           main] sample.camel.SampleCamelApplication      : Starting SampleCamelApplication on Babaks-iMac with PID 4225 (/Users/bvahdat/Downloads/apache-camel-2.22.1/examples/camel-user-forum-rabbitmq/target/classes started by bvahdat in /Users/bvahdat/Downloads/apache-camel-2.22.1/examples/camel-user-forum-rabbitmq)
2018-11-11 14:04:12.046  INFO 4225 --- [           main] sample.camel.SampleCamelApplication      : No active profile set, falling back to default profiles: default
2018-11-11 14:04:14.061  INFO 4225 --- [           main] trationDelegate$BeanPostProcessorChecker : Bean 'org.apache.camel.spring.boot.CamelAutoConfiguration' of type [org.apache.camel.spring.boot.CamelAutoConfiguration$$EnhancerBySpringCGLIB$$64de8929] is not eligible for getting processed by all BeanPostProcessors (for example: not eligible for auto-proxying)
2018-11-11 14:04:14.266  INFO 4225 --- [           main] org.xnio                                 : XNIO version 3.3.8.Final
2018-11-11 14:04:14.279  INFO 4225 --- [           main] org.xnio.nio                             : XNIO NIO Implementation Version 3.3.8.Final
2018-11-11 14:04:14.359  WARN 4225 --- [           main] io.undertow.websockets.jsr               : UT026009: XNIO worker was not set on WebSocketDeploymentInfo, the default worker will be used
2018-11-11 14:04:14.359  WARN 4225 --- [           main] io.undertow.websockets.jsr               : UT026010: Buffer pool was not set on WebSocketDeploymentInfo, the default pool will be used
2018-11-11 14:04:14.379  INFO 4225 --- [           main] io.undertow.servlet                      : Initializing Spring embedded WebApplicationContext
2018-11-11 14:04:14.379  INFO 4225 --- [           main] o.s.web.context.ContextLoader            : Root WebApplicationContext: initialization completed in 2273 ms
2018-11-11 14:04:14.403  INFO 4225 --- [           main] o.s.b.w.servlet.ServletRegistrationBean  : Servlet dispatcherServlet mapped to [/]
2018-11-11 14:04:14.407  INFO 4225 --- [           main] o.s.b.w.servlet.FilterRegistrationBean   : Mapping filter: 'characterEncodingFilter' to: [/*]
2018-11-11 14:04:14.407  INFO 4225 --- [           main] o.s.b.w.servlet.FilterRegistrationBean   : Mapping filter: 'hiddenHttpMethodFilter' to: [/*]
2018-11-11 14:04:14.408  INFO 4225 --- [           main] o.s.b.w.servlet.FilterRegistrationBean   : Mapping filter: 'formContentFilter' to: [/*]
2018-11-11 14:04:14.408  INFO 4225 --- [           main] o.s.b.w.servlet.FilterRegistrationBean   : Mapping filter: 'requestContextFilter' to: [/*]
2018-11-11 14:04:14.586  INFO 4225 --- [           main] o.a.c.i.converter.DefaultTypeConverter   : Type converters loaded (core: 195, classpath: 1)
2018-11-11 14:04:14.778  INFO 4225 --- [           main] o.s.s.concurrent.ThreadPoolTaskExecutor  : Initializing ExecutorService 'applicationTaskExecutor'
2018-11-11 14:04:15.193  INFO 4225 --- [           main] o.a.camel.spring.boot.RoutesCollector    : Loading additional Camel XML routes from: classpath:camel/*.xml
2018-11-11 14:04:15.194  INFO 4225 --- [           main] o.a.camel.spring.boot.RoutesCollector    : Loading additional Camel XML rests from: classpath:camel-rest/*.xml
2018-11-11 14:04:15.206  INFO 4225 --- [           main] o.a.camel.spring.SpringCamelContext      : Apache Camel 2.22.1 (CamelContext: RMQ2S3) is starting
2018-11-11 14:04:15.207  INFO 4225 --- [           main] o.a.c.m.ManagedManagementStrategy        : JMX is enabled
2018-11-11 14:04:15.679  INFO 4225 --- [           main] o.a.c.c.rabbitmq.RabbitMQComponent       : Auto-detected single instance: customConnectionFactory of type ConnectionFactory in Registry to be used as ConnectionFactory when creating endpoint: rabbitmq://connectionFactory=%23customConnectionFactory&queue=network_status&vhost=rbo&exchangeType=queue&autoDelete=false&prefetchEnabled=true&prefetchCount=100&threadPoolSize=100&channelPoolMaxSize=100
2018-11-11 14:04:15.733  INFO 4225 --- [           main] o.a.camel.spring.SpringCamelContext      : StreamCaching is not in use. If using streams then its recommended to enable stream caching. See more details at http://camel.apache.org/stream-caching.html
2018-11-11 14:04:15.897  INFO 4225 --- [           main] o.a.camel.spring.SpringCamelContext      : Route: hello started and consuming from: rabbitmq://connectionFactory=%23customConnectionFactory&queue=network_status&vhost=rbo&exchangeType=queue&autoDelete=false&prefetchEnabled=true&prefetchCount=100&threadPoolSize=100&channelPoolMaxSize=100
2018-11-11 14:04:15.898  INFO 4225 --- [           main] o.a.camel.spring.SpringCamelContext      : Total 1 routes, of which 1 are started
2018-11-11 14:04:15.899  INFO 4225 --- [           main] o.a.camel.spring.SpringCamelContext      : Apache Camel 2.22.1 (CamelContext: RMQ2S3) started in 0.692 seconds
2018-11-11 14:04:15.954  INFO 4225 --- [           main] o.s.b.w.e.u.UndertowServletWebServer     : Undertow started on port(s) 8080 (http) with context path ''
2018-11-11 14:04:15.959  INFO 4225 --- [           main] sample.camel.SampleCamelApplication      : Started SampleCamelApplication in 4.223 seconds (JVM running for 7.834)
```

Now change the RabbitMQ port from `5672` to `15672` inside `rmq-to-s3-camel.xml`, then build and restart the App which will end up with:

```
java.net.ConnectException: Connection refused (Connection refused)
  at java.net.PlainSocketImpl.socketConnect(Native Method) ~[na:1.8.0_144]
  at java.net.AbstractPlainSocketImpl.doConnect(AbstractPlainSocketImpl.java:350) ~[na:1.8.0_144]
  at java.net.AbstractPlainSocketImpl.connectToAddress(AbstractPlainSocketImpl.java:206) ~[na:1.8.0_144]
  at java.net.AbstractPlainSocketImpl.connect(AbstractPlainSocketImpl.java:188) ~[na:1.8.0_144]
  at java.net.SocksSocketImpl.connect(SocksSocketImpl.java:392) ~[na:1.8.0_144]
  at java.net.Socket.connect(Socket.java:589) ~[na:1.8.0_144]
  at com.rabbitmq.client.impl.SocketFrameHandlerFactory.create(SocketFrameHandlerFactory.java:60) ~[amqp-client-5.4.3.jar:5.4.3]
  at com.rabbitmq.client.impl.recovery.RecoveryAwareAMQConnectionFactory.newConnection(RecoveryAwareAMQConnectionFactory.java:62) ~[amqp-client-5.4.3.jar:5.4.3]
  at com.rabbitmq.client.impl.recovery.AutorecoveringConnection.init(AutorecoveringConnection.java:156) ~[amqp-client-5.4.3.jar:5.4.3]
  at com.rabbitmq.client.ConnectionFactory.newConnection(ConnectionFactory.java:1095) ~[amqp-client-5.4.3.jar:5.4.3]
  at com.rabbitmq.client.ConnectionFactory.newConnection(ConnectionFactory.java:1054) ~[amqp-client-5.4.3.jar:5.4.3]
  at com.rabbitmq.client.ConnectionFactory.newConnection(ConnectionFactory.java:1012) ~[amqp-client-5.4.3.jar:5.4.3]
  at com.rabbitmq.client.ConnectionFactory.newConnection(ConnectionFactory.java:1201) ~[amqp-client-5.4.3.jar:5.4.3]
  at org.apache.camel.component.rabbitmq.RabbitMQEndpoint.connect(RabbitMQEndpoint.java:230) ~[camel-rabbitmq-2.22.1.jar:2.22.1]
  at org.apache.camel.component.rabbitmq.RabbitMQConsumer.openConnection(RabbitMQConsumer.java:64) [camel-rabbitmq-2.22.1.jar:2.22.1]
  at org.apache.camel.component.rabbitmq.RabbitMQConsumer.getConnection(RabbitMQConsumer.java:75) [camel-rabbitmq-2.22.1.jar:2.22.1]
  at org.apache.camel.component.rabbitmq.RabbitConsumer.<init>(RabbitConsumer.java:55) ~[camel-rabbitmq-2.22.1.jar:2.22.1]
  at org.apache.camel.component.rabbitmq.RabbitMQConsumer.createConsumer(RabbitMQConsumer.java:120) [camel-rabbitmq-2.22.1.jar:2.22.1]
  at org.apache.camel.component.rabbitmq.RabbitMQConsumer.createConsumers(RabbitMQConsumer.java:96) [camel-rabbitmq-2.22.1.jar:2.22.1]
  at org.apache.camel.component.rabbitmq.RabbitMQConsumer.doStart(RabbitMQConsumer.java:172) [camel-rabbitmq-2.22.1.jar:2.22.1]
  at org.apache.camel.support.ServiceSupport.start(ServiceSupport.java:61) [camel-core-2.22.1.jar:2.22.1]
  at org.apache.camel.impl.DefaultCamelContext.startService(DefaultCamelContext.java:3705) [camel-core-2.22.1.jar:2.22.1]
  at org.apache.camel.impl.DefaultCamelContext.doStartOrResumeRouteConsumers(DefaultCamelContext.java:4023) [camel-core-2.22.1.jar:2.22.1]
  at org.apache.camel.impl.DefaultCamelContext.doStartRouteConsumers(DefaultCamelContext.java:3958) [camel-core-2.22.1.jar:2.22.1]
  at org.apache.camel.impl.DefaultCamelContext.safelyStartRouteServices(DefaultCamelContext.java:3878) [camel-core-2.22.1.jar:2.22.1]
  at org.apache.camel.impl.DefaultCamelContext.doStartOrResumeRoutes(DefaultCamelContext.java:3642) [camel-core-2.22.1.jar:2.22.1]
  at org.apache.camel.impl.DefaultCamelContext.doStartCamel(DefaultCamelContext.java:3494) [camel-core-2.22.1.jar:2.22.1]
  at org.apache.camel.impl.DefaultCamelContext.access$000(DefaultCamelContext.java:209) [camel-core-2.22.1.jar:2.22.1]
  at org.apache.camel.impl.DefaultCamelContext$2.call(DefaultCamelContext.java:3253) [camel-core-2.22.1.jar:2.22.1]
  at org.apache.camel.impl.DefaultCamelContext$2.call(DefaultCamelContext.java:3249) [camel-core-2.22.1.jar:2.22.1]
  at org.apache.camel.impl.DefaultCamelContext.doWithDefinedClassLoader(DefaultCamelContext.java:3272) [camel-core-2.22.1.jar:2.22.1]
  at org.apache.camel.impl.DefaultCamelContext.doStart(DefaultCamelContext.java:3249) [camel-core-2.22.1.jar:2.22.1]
  at org.apache.camel.support.ServiceSupport.start(ServiceSupport.java:61) [camel-core-2.22.1.jar:2.22.1]
  at org.apache.camel.impl.DefaultCamelContext.start(DefaultCamelContext.java:3165) [camel-core-2.22.1.jar:2.22.1]
  at org.apache.camel.spring.SpringCamelContext.start(SpringCamelContext.java:133) [camel-spring-2.22.1.jar:2.22.1]
  at org.apache.camel.spring.CamelContextFactoryBean.start(CamelContextFactoryBean.java:369) [camel-spring-2.22.1.jar:2.22.1]
  at org.apache.camel.spring.CamelContextFactoryBean.onApplicationEvent(CamelContextFactoryBean.java:416) [camel-spring-2.22.1.jar:2.22.1]
  at org.apache.camel.spring.CamelContextFactoryBean.onApplicationEvent(CamelContextFactoryBean.java:94) [camel-spring-2.22.1.jar:2.22.1]
  at org.springframework.context.event.SimpleApplicationEventMulticaster.doInvokeListener(SimpleApplicationEventMulticaster.java:172) [spring-context-5.1.2.RELEASE.jar:5.1.2.RELEASE]
  at org.springframework.context.event.SimpleApplicationEventMulticaster.invokeListener(SimpleApplicationEventMulticaster.java:165) [spring-context-5.1.2.RELEASE.jar:5.1.2.RELEASE]
  at org.springframework.context.event.SimpleApplicationEventMulticaster.multicastEvent(SimpleApplicationEventMulticaster.java:139) [spring-context-5.1.2.RELEASE.jar:5.1.2.RELEASE]
  at org.springframework.context.support.AbstractApplicationContext.publishEvent(AbstractApplicationContext.java:398) [spring-context-5.1.2.RELEASE.jar:5.1.2.RELEASE]
  at org.springframework.context.support.AbstractApplicationContext.publishEvent(AbstractApplicationContext.java:355) [spring-context-5.1.2.RELEASE.jar:5.1.2.RELEASE]
  at org.springframework.context.support.AbstractApplicationContext.finishRefresh(AbstractApplicationContext.java:882) [spring-context-5.1.2.RELEASE.jar:5.1.2.RELEASE]
  at org.springframework.boot.web.servlet.context.ServletWebServerApplicationContext.finishRefresh(ServletWebServerApplicationContext.java:161) [spring-boot-2.1.0.RELEASE.jar:2.1.0.RELEASE]
  at org.springframework.context.support.AbstractApplicationContext.refresh(AbstractApplicationContext.java:549) [spring-context-5.1.2.RELEASE.jar:5.1.2.RELEASE]
  at org.springframework.boot.web.servlet.context.ServletWebServerApplicationContext.refresh(ServletWebServerApplicationContext.java:140) [spring-boot-2.1.0.RELEASE.jar:2.1.0.RELEASE]
  at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.refresh(SpringApplication.java:775) [spring-boot-2.1.0.RELEASE.jar:2.1.0.RELEASE]
  at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.refreshContext(SpringApplication.java:397) [spring-boot-2.1.0.RELEASE.jar:2.1.0.RELEASE]
  at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.run(SpringApplication.java:316) [spring-boot-2.1.0.RELEASE.jar:2.1.0.RELEASE]
  at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.run(SpringApplication.java:1260) [spring-boot-2.1.0.RELEASE.jar:2.1.0.RELEASE]
  at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.run(SpringApplication.java:1248) [spring-boot-2.1.0.RELEASE.jar:2.1.0.RELEASE]
  at sample.camel.SampleCamelApplication.main(SampleCamelApplication.java:35) [classes/:na]
  at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method) ~[na:1.8.0_144]
  at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62) ~[na:1.8.0_144]
  at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43) ~[na:1.8.0_144]
  at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498) ~[na:1.8.0_144]
  at org.springframework.boot.maven.AbstractRunMojo$LaunchRunner.run(AbstractRunMojo.java:558) [spring-boot-maven-plugin-2.1.0.RELEASE.jar:2.1.0.RELEASE]
  at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:748) [na:1.8.0_144]
```

Commit message:

add the missing description and apache license file.

readme.adoc, after:

This repo is a copy & paste of the code sample @ https://github.com/apache/camel/tree/master/examples/camel-example-rabbitmq with couple of adjustments to reproduce a problem reported in Apache Camel user-forum. 

== How to run

The sample requires a RabbitMQ broker to be running.

You can for example easily start RabbitMQ via Docker

    docker run -it -p 5672:5672 --hostname my-rabbit --name some-rabbit rabbitmq:3

Then you can run this example using

    mvn spring-boot:run

Which gives you the following output on the Console:

```
  .   ____          _            __ _ _
 /\\ / ___'_ __ _ _(_)_ __  __ _ \ \ \ \
( ( )\___ | '_ | '_| | '_ \/ _` | \ \ \ \
 \\/  ___)| |_)| | | | | || (_| |  ) ) ) )
  '  |____| .__|_| |_|_| |_\__, | / / / /
 =========|_|==============|___/=/_/_/_/
 :: Spring Boot ::        (v2.1.0.RELEASE)

2018-11-11 14:04:12.042  INFO 4225 --- [           main] sample.camel.SampleCamelApplication      : Starting SampleCamelApplication on Babaks-iMac with PID 4225 (/Users/bvahdat/Downloads/apache-camel-2.22.1/examples/camel-user-forum-rabbitmq/target/classes started by bvahdat in /Users/bvahdat/Downloads/apache-camel-2.22.1/examples/camel-user-forum-rabbitmq)
2018-11-11 14:04:12.046  INFO 4225 --- [           main] sample.camel.SampleCamelApplication      : No active profile set, falling back to default profiles: default
2018-11-11 14:04:14.061  INFO 4225 --- [           main] trationDelegate$BeanPostProcessorChecker : Bean 'org.apache.camel.spring.boot.CamelAutoConfiguration' of type [org.apache.camel.spring.boot.CamelAutoConfiguration$$EnhancerBySpringCGLIB$$64de8929] is not eligible for getting processed by all BeanPostProcessors (for example: not eligible for auto-proxying)
2018-11-11 14:04:14.266  INFO 4225 --- [           main] org.xnio                                 : XNIO version 3.3.8.Final
2018-11-11 14:04:14.279  INFO 4225 --- [           main] org.xnio.nio                             : XNIO NIO Implementation Version 3.3.8.Final
2018-11-11 14:04:14.359  WARN 4225 --- [           main] io.undertow.websockets.jsr               : UT026009: XNIO worker was not set on WebSocketDeploymentInfo, the default worker will be used
2018-11-11 14:04:14.359  WARN 4225 --- [           main] io.undertow.websockets.jsr               : UT026010: Buffer pool was not set on WebSocketDeploymentInfo, the default pool will be used
2018-11-11 14:04:14.379  INFO 4225 --- [           main] io.undertow.servlet                      : Initializing Spring embedded WebApplicationContext
2018-11-11 14:04:14.379  INFO 4225 --- [           main] o.s.web.context.ContextLoader            : Root WebApplicationContext: initialization completed in 2273 ms
2018-11-11 14:04:14.403  INFO 4225 --- [           main] o.s.b.w.servlet.ServletRegistrationBean  : Servlet dispatcherServlet mapped to [/]
2018-11-11 14:04:14.407  INFO 4225 --- [           main] o.s.b.w.servlet.FilterRegistrationBean   : Mapping filter: 'characterEncodingFilter' to: [/*]
2018-11-11 14:04:14.407  INFO 4225 --- [           main] o.s.b.w.servlet.FilterRegistrationBean   : Mapping filter: 'hiddenHttpMethodFilter' to: [/*]
2018-11-11 14:04:14.408  INFO 4225 --- [           main] o.s.b.w.servlet.FilterRegistrationBean   : Mapping filter: 'formContentFilter' to: [/*]
2018-11-11 14:04:14.408  INFO 4225 --- [           main] o.s.b.w.servlet.FilterRegistrationBean   : Mapping filter: 'requestContextFilter' to: [/*]
2018-11-11 14:04:14.586  INFO 4225 --- [           main] o.a.c.i.converter.DefaultTypeConverter   : Type converters loaded (core: 195, classpath: 1)
2018-11-11 14:04:14.778  INFO 4225 --- [           main] o.s.s.concurrent.ThreadPoolTaskExecutor  : Initializing ExecutorService 'applicationTaskExecutor'
2018-11-11 14:04:15.193  INFO 4225 --- [           main] o.a.camel.spring.boot.RoutesCollector    : Loading additional Camel XML routes from: classpath:camel/*.xml
2018-11-11 14:04:15.194  INFO 4225 --- [           main] o.a.camel.spring.boot.RoutesCollector    : Loading additional Camel XML rests from: classpath:camel-rest/*.xml
2018-11-11 14:04:15.206  INFO 4225 --- [           main] o.a.camel.spring.SpringCamelContext      : Apache Camel 2.22.1 (CamelContext: RMQ2S3) is starting
2018-11-11 14:04:15.207  INFO 4225 --- [           main] o.a.c.m.ManagedManagementStrategy        : JMX is enabled
2018-11-11 14:04:15.679  INFO 4225 --- [           main] o.a.c.c.rabbitmq.RabbitMQComponent       : Auto-detected single instance: customConnectionFactory of type ConnectionFactory in Registry to be used as ConnectionFactory when creating endpoint: rabbitmq://connectionFactory=%23customConnectionFactory&queue=network_status&vhost=rbo&exchangeType=queue&autoDelete=false&prefetchEnabled=true&prefetchCount=100&threadPoolSize=100&channelPoolMaxSize=100
2018-11-11 14:04:15.733  INFO 4225 --- [           main] o.a.camel.spring.SpringCamelContext      : StreamCaching is not in use. If using streams then its recommended to enable stream caching. See more details at http://camel.apache.org/stream-caching.html
2018-11-11 14:04:15.897  INFO 4225 --- [           main] o.a.camel.spring.SpringCamelContext      : Route: hello started and consuming from: rabbitmq://connectionFactory=%23customConnectionFactory&queue=network_status&vhost=rbo&exchangeType=queue&autoDelete=false&prefetchEnabled=true&prefetchCount=100&threadPoolSize=100&channelPoolMaxSize=100
2018-11-11 14:04:15.898  INFO 4225 --- [           main] o.a.camel.spring.SpringCamelContext      : Total 1 routes, of which 1 are started
2018-11-11 14:04:15.899  INFO 4225 --- [           main] o.a.camel.spring.SpringCamelContext      : Apache Camel 2.22.1 (CamelContext: RMQ2S3) started in 0.692 seconds
2018-11-11 14:04:15.954  INFO 4225 --- [           main] o.s.b.w.e.u.UndertowServletWebServer     : Undertow started on port(s) 8080 (http) with context path ''
2018-11-11 14:04:15.959  INFO 4225 --- [           main] sample.camel.SampleCamelApplication      : Started SampleCamelApplication in 4.223 seconds (JVM running for 7.834)
```

Now change the RabbitMQ port from `5672` to `15672` inside `rmq-to-s3-camel.xml`, then build and restart the App which will end up with:

```
java.net.ConnectException: Connection refused (Connection refused)
  at java.net.PlainSocketImpl.socketConnect(Native Method) ~[na:1.8.0_144]
  at java.net.AbstractPlainSocketImpl.doConnect(AbstractPlainSocketImpl.java:350) ~[na:1.8.0_144]
  at java.net.AbstractPlainSocketImpl.connectToAddress(AbstractPlainSocketImpl.java:206) ~[na:1.8.0_144]
  at java.net.AbstractPlainSocketImpl.connect(AbstractPlainSocketImpl.java:188) ~[na:1.8.0_144]
  at java.net.SocksSocketImpl.connect(SocksSocketImpl.java:392) ~[na:1.8.0_144]
  at java.net.Socket.connect(Socket.java:589) ~[na:1.8.0_144]
  at com.rabbitmq.client.impl.SocketFrameHandlerFactory.create(SocketFrameHandlerFactory.java:60) ~[amqp-client-5.4.3.jar:5.4.3]
  at com.rabbitmq.client.impl.recovery.RecoveryAwareAMQConnectionFactory.newConnection(RecoveryAwareAMQConnectionFactory.java:62) ~[amqp-client-5.4.3.jar:5.4.3]
  at com.rabbitmq.client.impl.recovery.AutorecoveringConnection.init(AutorecoveringConnection.java:156) ~[amqp-client-5.4.3.jar:5.4.3]
  at com.rabbitmq.client.ConnectionFactory.newConnection(ConnectionFactory.java:1095) ~[amqp-client-5.4.3.jar:5.4.3]
  at com.rabbitmq.client.ConnectionFactory.newConnection(ConnectionFactory.java:1054) ~[amqp-client-5.4.3.jar:5.4.3]
  at com.rabbitmq.client.ConnectionFactory.newConnection(ConnectionFactory.java:1012) ~[amqp-client-5.4.3.jar:5.4.3]
  at com.rabbitmq.client.ConnectionFactory.newConnection(ConnectionFactory.java:1201) ~[amqp-client-5.4.3.jar:5.4.3]
  at org.apache.camel.component.rabbitmq.RabbitMQEndpoint.connect(RabbitMQEndpoint.java:230) ~[camel-rabbitmq-2.22.1.jar:2.22.1]
  at org.apache.camel.component.rabbitmq.RabbitMQConsumer.openConnection(RabbitMQConsumer.java:64) [camel-rabbitmq-2.22.1.jar:2.22.1]
  at org.apache.camel.component.rabbitmq.RabbitMQConsumer.getConnection(RabbitMQConsumer.java:75) [camel-rabbitmq-2.22.1.jar:2.22.1]
  at org.apache.camel.component.rabbitmq.RabbitConsumer.<init>(RabbitConsumer.java:55) ~[camel-rabbitmq-2.22.1.jar:2.22.1]
  at org.apache.camel.component.rabbitmq.RabbitMQConsumer.createConsumer(RabbitMQConsumer.java:120) [camel-rabbitmq-2.22.1.jar:2.22.1]
  at org.apache.camel.component.rabbitmq.RabbitMQConsumer.createConsumers(RabbitMQConsumer.java:96) [camel-rabbitmq-2.22.1.jar:2.22.1]
  at org.apache.camel.component.rabbitmq.RabbitMQConsumer.doStart(RabbitMQConsumer.java:172) [camel-rabbitmq-2.22.1.jar:2.22.1]
  at org.apache.camel.support.ServiceSupport.start(ServiceSupport.java:61) [camel-core-2.22.1.jar:2.22.1]
  at org.apache.camel.impl.DefaultCamelContext.startService(DefaultCamelContext.java:3705) [camel-core-2.22.1.jar:2.22.1]
  at org.apache.camel.impl.DefaultCamelContext.doStartOrResumeRouteConsumers(DefaultCamelContext.java:4023) [camel-core-2.22.1.jar:2.22.1]
  at org.apache.camel.impl.DefaultCamelContext.doStartRouteConsumers(DefaultCamelContext.java:3958) [camel-core-2.22.1.jar:2.22.1]
  at org.apache.camel.impl.DefaultCamelContext.safelyStartRouteServices(DefaultCamelContext.java:3878) [camel-core-2.22.1.jar:2.22.1]
  at org.apache.camel.impl.DefaultCamelContext.doStartOrResumeRoutes(DefaultCamelContext.java:3642) [camel-core-2.22.1.jar:2.22.1]
  at org.apache.camel.impl.DefaultCamelContext.doStartCamel(DefaultCamelContext.java:3494) [camel-core-2.22.1.jar:2.22.1]
  at org.apache.camel.impl.DefaultCamelContext.access$000(DefaultCamelContext.java:209) [camel-core-2.22.1.jar:2.22.1]
  at org.apache.camel.impl.DefaultCamelContext$2.call(DefaultCamelContext.java:3253) [camel-core-2.22.1.jar:2.22.1]
  at org.apache.camel.impl.DefaultCamelContext$2.call(DefaultCamelContext.java:3249) [camel-core-2.22.1.jar:2.22.1]
  at org.apache.camel.impl.DefaultCamelContext.doWithDefinedClassLoader(DefaultCamelContext.java:3272) [camel-core-2.22.1.jar:2.22.1]
  at org.apache.camel.impl.DefaultCamelContext.doStart(DefaultCamelContext.java:3249) [camel-core-2.22.1.jar:2.22.1]
  at org.apache.camel.support.ServiceSupport.start(ServiceSupport.java:61) [camel-core-2.22.1.jar:2.22.1]
  at org.apache.camel.impl.DefaultCamelContext.start(DefaultCamelContext.java:3165) [camel-core-2.22.1.jar:2.22.1]
  at org.apache.camel.spring.SpringCamelContext.start(SpringCamelContext.java:133) [camel-spring-2.22.1.jar:2.22.1]
  at org.apache.camel.spring.CamelContextFactoryBean.start(CamelContextFactoryBean.java:369) [camel-spring-2.22.1.jar:2.22.1]
  at org.apache.camel.spring.CamelContextFactoryBean.onApplicationEvent(CamelContextFactoryBean.java:416) [camel-spring-2.22.1.jar:2.22.1]
  at org.apache.camel.spring.CamelContextFactoryBean.onApplicationEvent(CamelContextFactoryBean.java:94) [camel-spring-2.22.1.jar:2.22.1]
  at org.springframework.context.event.SimpleApplicationEventMulticaster.doInvokeListener(SimpleApplicationEventMulticaster.java:172) [spring-context-5.1.2.RELEASE.jar:5.1.2.RELEASE]
  at org.springframework.context.event.SimpleApplicationEventMulticaster.invokeListener(SimpleApplicationEventMulticaster.java:165) [spring-context-5.1.2.RELEASE.jar:5.1.2.RELEASE]
  at org.springframework.context.event.SimpleApplicationEventMulticaster.multicastEvent(SimpleApplicationEventMulticaster.java:139) [spring-context-5.1.2.RELEASE.jar:5.1.2.RELEASE]
  at org.springframework.context.support.AbstractApplicationContext.publishEvent(AbstractApplicationContext.java:398) [spring-context-5.1.2.RELEASE.jar:5.1.2.RELEASE]
  at org.springframework.context.support.AbstractApplicationContext.publishEvent(AbstractApplicationContext.java:355) [spring-context-5.1.2.RELEASE.jar:5.1.2.RELEASE]
  at org.springframework.context.support.AbstractApplicationContext.finishRefresh(AbstractApplicationContext.java:882) [spring-context-5.1.2.RELEASE.jar:5.1.2.RELEASE]
  at org.springframework.boot.web.servlet.context.ServletWebServerApplicationContext.finishRefresh(ServletWebServerApplicationContext.java:161) [spring-boot-2.1.0.RELEASE.jar:2.1.0.RELEASE]
  at org.springframework.context.support.AbstractApplicationContext.refresh(AbstractApplicationContext.java:549) [spring-context-5.1.2.RELEASE.jar:5.1.2.RELEASE]
  at org.springframework.boot.web.servlet.context.ServletWebServerApplicationContext.refresh(ServletWebServerApplicationContext.java:140) [spring-boot-2.1.0.RELEASE.jar:2.1.0.RELEASE]
  at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.refresh(SpringApplication.java:775) [spring-boot-2.1.0.RELEASE.jar:2.1.0.RELEASE]
  at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.refreshContext(SpringApplication.java:397) [spring-boot-2.1.0.RELEASE.jar:2.1.0.RELEASE]
  at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.run(SpringApplication.java:316) [spring-boot-2.1.0.RELEASE.jar:2.1.0.RELEASE]
  at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.run(SpringApplication.java:1260) [spring-boot-2.1.0.RELEASE.jar:2.1.0.RELEASE]
  at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.run(SpringApplication.java:1248) [spring-boot-2.1.0.RELEASE.jar:2.1.0.RELEASE]
  at sample.camel.SampleCamelApplication.main(SampleCamelApplication.java:35) [classes/:na]
  at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method) ~[na:1.8.0_144]
  at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62) ~[na:1.8.0_144]
  at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43) ~[na:1.8.0_144]
  at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498) ~[na:1.8.0_144]
  at org.springframework.boot.maven.AbstractRunMojo$LaunchRunner.run(AbstractRunMojo.java:558) [spring-boot-maven-plugin-2.1.0.RELEASE.jar:2.1.0.RELEASE]
  at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:748) [na:1.8.0_144]
```
